hey everyone and so I just got back from
the gym and work it just was with my
boyfriend and we had lunch really I
really didn't want to make your video
today I'm not gonna lie but I promise
you guys that I would make one well I
promise you guys that make a proper one
but this is just another whip came up
blowed I'm really sorry I'll just I
don't know if I should start off with my
Hawaiian results or the reason why I'm
so sort of depressed and really not
wanting to make a video and I told you
guys last week that my boyfriend got
offered a job in LA for a year
and well and I live in New Zealand we
live in New Zealand at the moment so
basically on the other side of the world
in America and he didn't know if he was
gonna take it so he's he's taking it so
I've been pretty distraught to be honest
I've been pretty much a complete wreck
for the past few days just completely
wreck I can't even explain to us um
anyway every time I try and each time I
think about it I did some cry but that's
okay um so let's make our way done it
fifty five point six kilos which is one
hundred and twenty two point six pounds
so it is actually a gain of 500 grams
which is 1.1 pounds so put on 1.1 pounds
since last Wednesday but it's okay cuz
my sister was up as well and it's not
like I'm wondering why I put all my I
know that I um I made some pretty
horrendous food choices and I pretty
much just had a good time with my sister
so I'm not gonna I'm gonna freak out
about that too much um
so in Channel I've lost 40 point 1 kilos
which is eighty eight point four pounds
I've still got 600 grams shall I reach
my goal which is 1.3 pounds to go my BMI
is twenty-one point four and it's up
last week it was twenty-one point three
but it's okay yeah so that's my life at
the moment guys and really don't know
what I'm going to do with myself I don't
know how to X don't know how to think I
don't know what to do
yeah I really told you guys I'm living
back with my parents now so it's lots of
changes going on in my life at the
moment and I'm not liking it anyway
sorry again for the crappy video I don't
know how you guys put up with me but
thank you all for all of you guys for
your support and everything like that
and for all of you that come into my
videos all the time and watch my videos
and for all of you guys that are doing
this as well and the whole weight loss
journey or just try to be healthy and
fit I hope you're all doing well and I
hope you continue to do well and I'm
really grateful for your support anyway
I think that's all I really have to say
at the moment yeah thank you guys so
much for watching I'll see you next week